Fixed a PyPI constraint where the package can only be installed on python ==3.9.6 (#7)
binary-com/python-deriv-api: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## 0.1.1

> * Fix problem: can only installed on only python 3.9.6

Reviewer: based on https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/
```suggestion
### Fixed:
Fixed a PyPI constraint where the package can only be installed on python ==3.9.6
```

Reviewer 2: I miss Sasikala now. She always help me to fix such things .
Thanks .
